hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2010 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows the
7th Harry Potter film so let's get
started the spoiler does require in part
that you've seen the previous films if
you need to see a spoiler for them check
out the link and the cards above the
film opens with Voldemort gaining
strength after Dumbledore's death
killing muggles and infiltrating the
ministry Harry Ron and Hermione pursue
destroying Voldemort's Horcruxes to
leave him vulnerable to be killed
Harry's protection spell breaks on his
birthday and has to leave his childhood
home the order of Phoenix leaves with
him using Polyjuice potion x' to make
decoy harry's the convoy however is
attacked but they escape to Ron's home
however Mad Eye Moody and Harry's owl
Hedwig are both killed Harry has a
vision of the wand maker Ollivander
being tortured by Voldemort for
information on a mystical wand the next
day the Minister of Magic arrives to
reuse Dumbledore's will and presents
them with a deluminator a book called
the tales of Beedle the bard and Harry's
first Golden Snitch that he ever caught
the minister also states that Harry is
to be given the sword of Godric
Gryffindor
however he states that it wasn't
Dumbledore's to give and also the sword
is missing the minister is later killed
by Death Eaters and replaced by a new
puppet minister muggle-born witches and
wizards are arrested and rather racist
and totalitarian laws are put into place
Death Eaters attack at a wedding at the
Weasley house but they are warned ahead
of time the gang traveled to Sirius
Black's house and discovered that the
fake Horcrux locket found at the end of
the sixth film was actually from Sirius
brother they find out that a shady
member of the
Phoenix name mundungus stole the real
Horcrux locket mundungus is captured by
two house elves and he reveals that the
locket was taken by Dolores Umbridge the
former professor seen in the fifth film
using Polyjuice potion z' they break
into the ministry and are able to steal
the locket back from Amon bridge they
hide out in the woods and try to destroy
the Horcrux but have a lot of
difficulties the locket curses whoever
wears it to become angry depressed and
paranoid almost like the ring from Lord
of the Ring so they try to take turns
wearing the locket rom becomes
particularly upset after wearing the
locket and leaves remaining in hair her
mind decides that because it is coated
in basilisk of blood the sword of Godric
Gryffindor would be able to destroy the
Horcrux
which is why Dumbledore wanted them to
have it they then traveled to the house
where Harry's parents died an encounter
a woman that they believe has the sword
however this is a trap and it has
actually Voldemort's pet snake Nagini in
disguise who attacks them and they flee
Harry is also continually having visions
of Voldemort who is interrogating a wine
maker named Grigorovich who claims to
have had a mystical wand that was stolen
by a young teenage boy who was actually
the infamous wizard gilbert grinning
walled the same wizard seen at the end
of the fantastic beasts film Voldemort
eventually interrogated grinning Walt
about the wands location and then he is
killed by Voldemort Harry is led by a
Patronus of a dough which leads him to
the Sword of Gryffindor to be found
under a frozen pond Harry tries to jump
in and get it but the locket that he's
wearing tries to strangle him but he is
saved by Rob Harry uses his Parseltongue
ability or snake talking to open the
locket revealing tormenting images but
Ron is able to destroy the locket
Hermione and Ron reconcile and they
travel to see Xenophilius Lovegood the
father of Luna Lovegood to understand
the symbol hidden in the book given by
Dumbledore Lovegood tells the story of
the Deathly Hallows a story of three
brothers given powerful magical items
which
combined would make one the master of
death the three items include the
invisibility cloak a stone that would
bring back dead loved ones an
all-powerful wand called the Elder Wand
Death Eaters arrived however and the
group flees but a group of Death Eaters
and Snatchers eventually find them
hermione uses a spell to disguise
Harry's features before they are
captured and they are brought to the
Malfoy Manor
Bellatrix Lestrange locks up Harry and
Ron along with Luna the wand maker
Ollivander and a goblin named Griphook
Bellatrix tortures hermione trying to
find out how they got the Sword of
Gryffindor because she had the sword
locked in her vault and Gringotts Harry
is able to contact help and Dobby
appears to save them in a battle ensues
harry disarms draco and they all
dissipate right as Bellatrix there was a
knife they arrived at a beach to find
out that Dobby has been killed by the
blade in the final scene of the film we
see that Voldemort has discovered the
Elder Wand location and opens
Dumbledore's tomb to claim the powerful
wand for himself so that was the
spoilers for Harry Potter and the
Deathly Hallows Part 1 if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]